docs: Adding CDK example (#1321)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java: examples/powertools-examples-core/cdk/README.md

#  Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Core Utilities Example with CDK

This project demonstrates the Lambda for Powertools Java module deployed using [Cloud Development Kit](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/).

For general information on project structure similar to all architectures, you can refer to the parent [README](../README.md)

## Configuration
CDK uses the following project structure:
- [app](./app) - stores the source code of your application, which is similar between all examples
- [infra](./infra) - stores the definition of your infrastructure
  - [cdk.json](./infra/cdk.json) - tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app
  - [CdkApp](./infra/src/main/java/cdk/CdkApp.java) - bootstraps your stack, taking AWS `account` and `region` as input
  - [CdkStack](./infra/src/main/java/cdk/CdkStack.java) - defines the Lambda function to be deployed as well as API Gateway for it.

> It is a [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) based project, so you can open this project with any Maven compatible Java IDE to build and run tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)-based project, so you can open this project with any Maven compatible Java IDE to build and run tests.
```

## Deploy the sample application
To deploy the example, check out the instructions for getting

> started with SAM in [the examples directory](../../README.md)

Reviewer: we are talking about SAM in the CDK project... ?

The minimum to deploy the app should be
```bash 

> cdk bootstrap && cdk deploy

Reviewer: I would extract the `cdk bootstrap` from here and say it's a prerequisite for deploying cdk applications, and must be run once for each account / region  on which you want to deploy. And then `cdk deploy` is THE command to actually deploy.

Reviewer: and `cdk bootstrap` needs an account and region I think...

`cdk bootstrap aws://ACCOUNT-NUMBER-1/REGION-1` ([doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html))

Reviewer 2: > and `cdk bootstrap` needs an account and region I think...
> 
> `cdk bootstrap aws://ACCOUNT-NUMBER-1/REGION-1` ([doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html))

Pretty sure it'll use default account / region like other CLI tools if you don't specify and its unambiguous (e.g., there _is_ a default).

```

## Useful commands

* `mvn package`     compile and run tests

> * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app

Reviewer: do we have multiple stacks in this one ? not accurate I think.

Author: This is from the original `cdk init`, but you're right, we have just 1 stack, so this is not very interesting.

#  Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Core Utilities Example with CDK

This project demonstrates the Lambda for Powertools Java module deployed using [Cloud Development Kit](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/).

> For general information on project structure similar to all architectures, you can refer to the parent [README](../README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For general information on the deployed example itself, you can refer to the parent [README](../README.md)
```

> #  Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Core Utilities Example

Reviewer 2: We're missing a `powertools-examples-core/README.md`

> #  Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Core Utilities Example

Reviewer 2: We're missing a powertools-examples-core/README.md to link down to the concrete examples, and provide probably some high level guidance on which one to consider

Reviewer 2: Also the first part of this doesn't mention the CDK at all. Probably something for the title even?

This project demonstrates the Lambda for Powertools Java module - including 
[logging](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/java/core/logging/),
[tracing](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/java/core/tracing/), and
[metrics](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/java/core/metrics/).

It is made up of the following:

- [App.java](src/main/java/helloworld/App.java) - Code for the application's Lambda function.
- [events](events) - Invocation events that you can use to invoke the function.
- [AppTests.java](src/test/java/helloworld/AppTest.java) - Unit tests for the application code. 

## Deploy the sample application

This is a blank project for CDK development with Java.

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

> It is a [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) based project, so you can open this project with any Maven compatible Java IDE to build and run tests.

Reviewer: nop

* `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
* `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
* `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

## Test the application

Once the app is deployed, you can invoke the endpoint like this:

```bash
 curl https://[REST-API-ID].execute-api.[REGION].amazonaws.com/Prod/hello/
```

The response itself isn't particularly interesting - you will get back some information about your IP address.  If 
you go to the Lambda Console and locate the lambda you have deployed, then click the "Monitoring" tab you will
be able to find:

* **View X-Ray traces** -  Display the traces captured by the traces module. These include subsegments for the
different function calls within the example
* **View Cloudwatch logs** - Display the structured logging output of the example

Likewise, from the CloudWatch dashboard, under **Metrics**, **all metrics**,  you will find the namespaces `Another`
and `ServerlessAirline`. The values in each of these are published by the code in
[App.java](src/main/java/helloworld/App.java). 

You can also watch the trace information or log information using the SAM CLI:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Does the SAM stuff belong here?

Reviewer: not sure we should mention SAM here... even if we can use both together

Author: I rewrote this file completely now.
